.TH CVX 1 "2026" "convex-switch" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
cvx \- switch Convex accounts per project, automatically
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B cvx
.I command
.RI [ args ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B convex-switch
(\fBcvx\fR) lets you run several Convex accounts across many projects at once
without logging in and out. The Convex CLI reads your identity from a single
global file, \fI~/.convex/config.json\fR; \fBcvx\fR keeps a private vault of
your account tokens and a map of project \(-> account, then rewrites that one
file to the linked account whenever you \fBcd\fR into a project (via a zsh
\fBchpwd\fR hook). No deploy keys, and no tokens are stored inside your
repositories.
.PP
Because a running \fBconvex dev\fR caches its deployment credentials at startup,
swapping the global file afterwards does not disturb sessions already running \(em
so several accounts can run side by side in separate terminals.
.SH COMMANDS
.SS Setup
.TP
.B cvx add \fR[\fIname\fR] [\fB--token\fR \fIvalue\fR] [\fB--force\fR]
Store the login currently in \fI~/.convex/config.json\fR as an account. The token
is verified against Convex; if \fIname\fR is omitted the team slug is used.
.TP
.B cvx login \fIname\fR
Force a fresh browser sign-in (\fBconvex login --force\fR), then store it as
\fIname\fR. Use this to add a second or third account.
.TP
.B cvx refresh \fIaccount\fR
Re-authenticate an existing account and refresh its stored token.
.SS Wire projects to accounts
.TP
.B cvx link \fIaccount\fR \fR[\fIpath\fR]
Link a project directory (default: the current directory) to an account. One
account may be linked to many projects.
.TP
.B cvx unlink \fR[\fIpath\fR]
Remove a link.
.TP
.B cvx scan \fR[\fIdir\fR] [\fB--depth\fR \fIN\fR] [\fB--yes\fR]
Walk \fIdir\fR (default: the current directory) up to \fIN\fR levels deep
(default 4), find Convex projects (a directory whose \fI.env.local\fR has a
\fBCONVEX_DEPLOYMENT\fR line), and propose a link for each whose deployment team
matches exactly one stored account. Hidden directories and \fBnode_modules\fR are
skipped, and a project directory is never descended into. In an interactive
terminal it asks before linking; otherwise \fB--yes\fR is required to apply.
Already-linked directories are left untouched (a conflicting link is reported,
never overwritten).
.TP
.B cvx rename \fIold\fR \fInew\fR
Rename an account, keeping every link that pointed at it.
.TP
.B cvx email \fIaccount\fR \fR[\fIaddress\fR]
Label an account with the email it belongs to \(em shown by \fBcvx accounts\fR
and \fBcvx doctor\fR so same-looking accounts stay tellable apart. \fBlogin\fR
and \fBadd\fR also ask once (optional). Bare form prints the stored address;
\fB--clear\fR removes it. A label only: Convex's API does not expose the email
to CLI tokens.
.TP
.B cvx disable\fR / \fBcvx enable
Pause cvx \(em the cd hook stops switching accounts and the prompt segment goes
quiet \(em and resume it. Nothing is deleted; open terminals unbind on their
next directory change.
.TP
.B cvx reset \fR[\fB--force\fR]
Delete ALL cvx state: every account, link, the active marker, keychain
secrets, passphrase-vault metadata and its session key, and the undo history.
NOT undoable. Asks on a terminal; scripts must pass \fB--force\fR. Alias:
\fBcvx nuke\fR. Your \fBnpx convex login\fR is left untouched.
.TP
.B cvx hook \fR[\fB--install\fR] [\fB--shell\fR \fIzsh\fR|\fIbash\fR|\fIfish\fR|\fInu\fR|\fIpowershell\fR]
Print the directory-change hook, or with \fB--install\fR wire it into the shell
startup file (\fI~/.zshrc\fR, \fI~/.bashrc\fR, fish/nushell config, or the
PowerShell \fB$PROFILE\fR). The shell is auto-detected when \fB--shell\fR is omitted.
.TP
.B cvx completions \fIzsh\fR|\fIbash\fR|\fIfish\fR|\fIpowershell\fR
Print a shell completion script (completes commands and account names).
.SS Everyday
.TP
.B cvx use \fR[\fIaccount\fR|\fIpath\fR]
With an account name: activate that account globally, from anywhere. With a
path (or nothing): activate the directory's linked account; if unlinked and
the terminal is interactive, pick from a list (uses \fBfzf\fR if installed)
and optionally link the directory. A name wins over a same-named directory
\(em use \fI./dir\fR to force the path meaning.
.TP
.B cvx run \fIaccount\fR \fR[\fB--\fR] \fIcommand\fR ...
Run \fIcommand\fR with the given account active for that process only, by
setting \fBCONVEX_OVERRIDE_ACCESS_TOKEN\fR \(em the global login is never
touched. Use \fB.\fR as \fIaccount\fR for the current directory's linked account.
.TP
.B cvx open
Open the Convex dashboard for the current project's deployment (read from
\fI.env.local\fR), or the dashboard home if none is configured.
.TP
.B cvx activate \fR[\fB-q\fR] [\fIpath\fR]
Activate the account linked to a directory by rewriting the global config. The
shell hook calls this on every \fBcd\fR; \fB-q\fR silences the "nothing to do"
cases.
.TP
.B cvx status \fR[\fB--json\fR]
Show the active account and the current directory's link. \fB--json\fR emits a
machine-readable object for scripting.
.TP
.B cvx accounts
List stored accounts; the active one is marked.
.TP
.B cvx ls
List linked projects; the current directory is marked.
.TP
.B cvx which \fR[\fIpath\fR]
Print the account name for a directory (exit 1 if none). For scripting.
.TP
.B cvx prompt \fR[\fB--starship\fR|\fB--color\fR]
Print the active account name and nothing else \(em for embedding in a shell
prompt. Fast and never errors.
.SS Manage
.TP
.B cvx rm \fIaccount\fR
Forget an account and any links pointing at it.
.TP
.B cvx keychain \fR[\fIstatus\fR|\fIenable\fR|\fIdisable\fR]
Show or change where account tokens are stored. \fBenable\fR moves them into the
OS keychain (macOS Keychain, libsecret on Linux, DPAPI on Windows); \fBdisable\fR
moves them back to the chmod-600 file vault.
.TP
.B cvx undo \fR[\fB--list\fR] [\fB--yes\fR]
Restore the vault (accounts, links, config, active marker) to how it was
before the last change. A snapshot is taken automatically before every
mutating command (rm, rename, unlink, import, scan, doctor --fix, storage
migrations), capped at five. Running \fBundo\fR twice reverses the restore.
Moving tokens to a more protected backend clears the history so old plaintext
never lingers. OS-keychain secrets deleted from the keychain itself are not
restorable.
.TP
.B cvx vault \fR<\fBstatus\fR|\fBencrypt\fR|\fBdecrypt\fR|\fBunlock\fR|\fBlock\fR>
Passphrase-encrypt the stored tokens (AES-256-GCM, scrypt-derived key).
\fBunlock\fR caches the key for the session (cleared by \fBlock\fR or a
reboot); while locked, tokens are unreadable and commands point at
\fBcvx vault unlock\fR. Scripts can set \fBCVX_PASSPHRASE\fR instead.
.TP
.B cvx export \fR[\fIfile\fR] / \fBcvx import \fR\fIfile\fR [\fB--force\fR]
Write a passphrase-encrypted backup of the vault (accounts + links), and
restore it on another machine. Import merges; existing names are kept unless
\fB--force\fR.
.TP
.B cvx refresh --all
Re-authenticate every stored account in one sitting (a browser sign-in each).
.TP
.B cvx upgrade
Check for a newer cvx release and print the exact upgrade command for how it
was installed (Homebrew, npm/bun, or GitHub tarball).
.TP
.B cvx doctor \fR[\fB--no-tokens\fR] [\fB--fix\fR]
Check your setup and report problems: Node/npx availability, whether you have a
Convex login, vault integrity, the token storage backend, the active account,
and whether the shell hook is installed. Also pings Convex to check each stored
token's health (skip that with \fB--no-tokens\fR). With \fB--fix\fR it repairs
what it can \(em installs a missing shell hook, prunes dead links, clears a
stale active marker, and (interactively) offers to re-authenticate rejected
tokens; problems it fixes no longer force a non-zero exit. Exits non-zero on any
remaining problem.
.TP
.B cvx welcome
Show the welcome screen again.
.TP
.B cvx version
Print the version.
.TP
.B cvx help
Show the full command reference.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I ~/.convex-switch/accounts.json
Stored account tokens (chmod 600).
.TP
.I ~/.convex-switch/links.json
Project \(-> account map (chmod 600).
.TP
.I ~/.convex/config.json
The Convex CLI's global login, which \fBcvx\fR rewrites.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B NO_COLOR
Disable colored output.
.TP
.B CVX_HOME
Relocate everything cvx touches (vault, global Convex config, hook rc files)
under this directory \(em a fully isolated sandbox for testing.
.TP
.B CVX_PASSPHRASE
Non-interactive passphrase for \fBcvx vault\fR and \fBcvx export\fR/\fBimport\fR.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Add two accounts and wire up projects:
.PP
.RS
.nf
cvx login personal
cvx login work
cd ~/Code/app-a && cvx link personal
cd ~/Code/app-b && cvx link work
cvx hook --install && exec zsh
.fi
.RE
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR convex (1)
.PP
Project home: https://github.com/rafay99-epic/convex-switch
.SH AUTHOR
Abdul Rafay
